Notes:
Text file contains db names, table names, column names and keys.
If a table has no PK specified or FK has an invalid column name, your program should display an error message and skip such table.
BCNF implies 3NF.

Possible solution:
1. db_params creates database cosc3380
2. Set schema to HW1
3. Use tc1.sql to generate the tables and populate them
    SQL file provides the table names, column names, and values for said columns
    SQL file also DELETES tables in the database if they already exist, so its most efficient to just let the SQL file create them
4. Use the information in tc1.txt to assign columns as PKs and FKs using SQL?
5. Detrmine Referential integrity as Y/N
6. Determine BCNF (BCNF implies 3NF) as Y/N
7. Output text file

This is almost definitely incorrect. The new HW1 summary says "In the HW1 schema, create tables based on the test case file (e.g., tc1.txt )"
and doesn't really mention using the SQL files and the original states the same and adds "The actual tables with data will be already stored in the input
database" (which im assuimg is reffering to the SQL files). Creating the tables using the txt files and populating them with the sql files would be fine EXCEPT
the SQL files all begin with "DROP TABLE IF EXISTS" so using it to try to populate the data deletes tables already created if they share the same name
(which they would) unless I am misunderstanding (which is likely). So im not sure how were supposed to check the integrity/BCNF of the table because I don't know 
where/how were supposed to get the data for the tables.

I'll ask the TA about this and i'll let you know what he tells me.

Before realizing this, I started the process of scrapping most of the code and implementing the possible solution outlined above but I really don't think it's correct, so
it's up to you if you want to continue working on it, though i'd look into other options (it would probably work and give us the correct result, I just don't think its what 
they want soooo probably wouldnt get a good grade on it).